Okay, I'll start with AI virtual talent that whole section in the homepage. The black background it's not looking so nice and a virtual talent should be little bit more bold because that is the section and autonomous agents that think adapt and execute. It's too much reduce that the same thing kind of the format goes for the revenue automation as well and And also you can little bit. Make sure this section looks more nicer. For example, check how neuro Link and Tesla websites are an even space SpaceX you know get a design from that inspired from that designer copy that decision I don't mind background should be like that and also one more thing is You can the section looks big over also so you can reduce both the sections little bit and I've just noticed that once you go, if there is no content between all these things inside, there is no content at all, so you've just put the icons and stuff, but there is no actual content inside the sales development trip inside the customer support the same thing goes for the revenue automation as well for that. I think there is only one content. I've been using it same for all the services so make sure each and every content is Taylore mate, and we are providing pain points and solutions and most importantly, like a told you before these kind of solutions as will be sold to people who are in higher positions, so they would already know about technology, they would already know about workflows the dollar. They would already know how Agent or how particular agent would work in that industry, and also you can highlight if there is any particular industry will benefit so much from me and say something we've done like some MVP's and we've been constantly experimenting getting raw Atta. Something like that because they should be able to believe it as well. The content should be top notch is what I'm trying to explain to the least, and of course the animation designs. I don't have to say again and again and also see if there is some kind of you know in the laptop version, the service cards like you know between these two under these two sections in the homepage are not floating carousels, they're not floating instead of having a floating carousel. Would you suggest something bit More Take Advanced that would look even more like because since you're talking about services, what is something advanced AI could do know something like that, if it is, you can do great, and yeah, so get onto all these things. 