Okay, few things you have to change one is. Let's talk about the tools page. It's too much of orange. Maybe you can make it even more little elite. Orange is good but not too much of orange and mini icons. Don't have like proper icon. What do you call it like logo Nite for example, clay instantly relevant Hai reach Copy.AI, mid journey full and enrich lot of tools, especially in all tools, they don't have the proper icon so make sure everything is proper icon and most important of all the Way. You categories tools, first check whether are you categorising tools perfectly, because even if you make a slight mistake in this people will think AI company itself is not catering a tools property and also it's not showing the latest tools. First of all. I don't think so. You got all the tools from cold IQ. They have many more tools so make sure you get everything and see you can even structure it in more elite. Nice way. It's good and not saying not but see if you could do it more better and Future tools. We love. Keep the tools even more bit complicated in that not something like make it more better and in AI agents, you put ChatGPT as AI age and I don't think so. ChatGPT is good or great at it. So we can have better motel. So like I said you know, we can have better more tools to showcase that we are doing like this, for example, I'll give you some tools like anti-gravity view on 3VO3 and cliff.AI. I don't know the Mini tools and also check this and update all those things and for all the questions. Make sure that we are Having you know. We are having like really good SCO and if you want to add more questions, I don't know. See if it is right and also importantly, also tell like our power text tax and even maybe add something like these tools. Even you guys could use it. You want to empower people not just hide behind that we know told him we won't tell you. We give you everything we we tell everything what is happening, but end of the day you need the right tools and we are sure if you train train enough, you can still do lot more great things, But we would also be love to help people who have complex projects or even not complex anything like with the right creativity in the right business economics and all these things what I'm saying regarding the line below our power text Trek. I like the two lines what you gave on top of it. Maybe add something very small, but whatever I'm saying right now. 