See, I want this AI agents page to be inspired by our AI service page where where we have put so much of black and backside. There is some kind of a scanner going on. That is what we should be inspired of not the complete gree. Yes, green somewhere little bit at times when you use green okay, but you use too much like a creative page. No, we have to treat it like a page. For example, when you go check AI strategist or some other page where we have viewed black and we have views diagrams like a flow, charts, scanners or something behind the back. There is always something running. You know something like that kind of design we have to implement on this existing page And the things we have to do is once you come down be below the page, we have said that meet AI age, there is only 3A Agency you have mentioned like and even that I want you to adapt like a shora style, but we need to have many more AI agents. Go check the kind of AI services we have, and according to that, we can put like a agents for sales for customer support for bookings appointments for industry industry. Whichever way or format is the most professional way to show and the best way to show you have to adapt that basically, my aim is we have to show that we have all kinds of agents for any kind of business operations for anyone that is what my goal is to show so creatively and professionally we can show we should show that and the page also the content you have changed to content completely, but I still like that content but maybe see if you can add one more line of the content, which we had which was 1AI team for all or something to change little bit for corporate issues. No first you give me the complete plan of what you're going to do how we're going to do it then once you complete plan and then I'll tell whether you want is there any changes or not? And also in the natural command Centre, there were many more question now there's only one question prompt, so I think you remove that before you had many more question commands to run, include that as well, and yeah, now give me a full. 