It's still worse, the first section. There is scroll down on the right side of the hero page. Could you see it or not especially in the laptop version in the mobile version? That's why it's lagging and also the animation it's not going continue. Automatic is going bit forward and coming back again and also The trusted by 500% of the world. Top brands that those brands are moving very slowly as to move little bit fast and every type of creative work unit ever more that type of graphic could be improved, and when we come down to the results, river, social first age, Agency, this section, you're missing some of the content in the section itself go back to the previous checkpoint and see they will be like we grow ambitious brands or something like that you're missing. You're missing the content in this section. If you check and between this section and our difference, the page is kind of going up and there is some gap going up and between 
Between both of this pages and the animated page and the animated page, where we have the phone right on that to our difference, there is a small gap in scroll, scroll down. I think that is why there is a lack happening. You have to set it said that they should not be a gap. This is not be kind of that page is going up. It looks like a shitty shitty, shitty, scroll and animation and higher again when it comes to enable me to work for you. Yes, you got the structure maybe little bit right but the design of it. I want it like how super side has it and how even we kind of had this kind of design and the colour you use this worse, worse, worse, change it to how we had before and the revision revision were Lata background colour could be changed success in numbers. it's kind of okay and see how top brands Use aura Digital against this format, you went too big. It has to go to the previous format and testimonials is kind of fine again. The growth calculation is kind of okay but it looks too generic and make it more authentic and also the colour wherever using green colour. Remember one thing the green has to be the exact green colour which we use in the hero page on the contactor of start talking button, see each every time you not able to do do it right, then we can just I'll just roll back to the previous Change itself because you're just making it worse and worse and still the 30 days or 90 days, even that the colour has to be changed, the section is too big. It is a section and also make the content better the content to generic and I am not even going to go into the YS at the moment. If you can't do any of this change in one thing, and I have to just roll back to the previous change. 