What the hell did you do? Let's start with the first page alone. The first hero page again. Nothing has been done with the. Why are you not able to understand my kind of expectations? My expectations are this to be something like how for example, Google will develop a landing page or how for example, Elon musk develop a landing page, I'm not talking about Their design. I'm talking about the quality and each and every tiny bit. They take care of it right from the wording, right from the typography right from the colours and everything like you know this when you say landing page landing page consist of landing page design animations the user, how the user feels and how quality it is everything right so I want to have to build that kind of a landing page Landing pages are built by a team full of high end designers, a team full of strategy people, a team full of creative person who take lot of time and do it manually with manual code and they take care of each and every bit. So that's why they're able to achieve. Even if it is a simple white colour landing page, still the quality is high, but right now we're not going for a simple version because our landing page is basically of social Media creative landing page right so creative means what first thing it has to that most and second it has to shout about brand. It's not about different different colours know whatever we have to use. It has to be consistent. Has to be like brand should see how nice they branded how high quality the branded it and how great it is all this things for this only my input won't be enough for you to take the execution you have to go above and beyond, and think in terms of all this experts, what would experts do and how would they do it in terms of differentiate between us and another landing pages. I just give you examples like super something. They have very good quality. So just give example of that but for us, it has to be even more better high-quality. Even I don't know even if you're using a green background That green background what you use for page. He doesn't look like a cream doesn't look like white. it doesn't look anything so it has to be better, not just about the background about everything, and I was saying that the second section that there is lot of videos, TikTok and all those videos those videos I said to have it in a good different structure, not like everything big not like everything in the same row, not that we already have used some videos for those in the social media service page, so take those videos and put those videos. According you put the same video what has been running in the animated section. We already have videos for that which were placed in the website and service, social media, use those videos per structure, different structure And nothing has been changed. Whatever I mentioned before. Even I've gave the complete grand slam offer and those offer has not you're not using anything from me to differentiate between other agencies. Our agency, the way you're showing it is how is our agencies only different because we use only AI know it's not only we use great Creative talent agencies. We use data views especially most important strategies and we use how other competition are doing and we use it to good for yourself and more importantly, we used to voice your brand.we see long-term vision and we maintain your brand values and of course something extra Workflow if needed, but nothing else you've been done whatever I said pretty much and it looks very, very very basic basic. Yeah, I know if you pay some designer €500, you would do the same thing for me. I want someone who can do this exception and also I told you to use exact gravity hero antigravity hero pitch has got like the glow, the blue colour particles I need exact same to same. I don't know what you do and you can copy this. I don't know value copy this and just giving an example for you but it has to be different first. Let's plan it out, and then you can start working. 