Okay, now we are going to focus on something very new so before I tell what we’re going to do, I just want to give a basic outline so that you always remember this and you position our self equally so when it comes to our work until now, yes, we did so many case studies, we did some case studies under social underpaid under creative and influencer. We did lot of case studies right From those. Some of the case studies are displaying it in the homepage and also displaying in our work, but we are forgetting one most important thing which is case studies of AI. Until now we’ve not done one single case study of anything to do with A when it comes to AI, we have two sections one is revenue automation and one is AI virtual hub but we need to have one more main service as developing product solutions for AI. so what you do is, tell me first, answer this particular question before you do any change so where can we basically say that we do have AI product solutions? We need to place this service in either AI virtual hub or revenue automation is smartly. you know because pretty much it’s the same thing, but we are giving names stupid, but I don’t want to give just names as Sales for this trip for that trip. No, I want to have one particular service which I need to play smartly that people know that we build custom software solutions for any company so that is one thing for this particular question. You have to answer me before you do any change, maybe whatever the work we already did in revenue and in AI, we just need to little bit. Change the title or to do something like that. Okay so this is one thing and after this, the main The main thing right now is, we need to develop case studies our work for AI in general and not going to specifically cater whether it is under AI virtual or whether it is under revenue automations or whether it is under product solution, Snow for AI, we are going to create case studies so that case studies we can pretty much place anywhere you want in any section of these 2AI and eventually come under our work as well. So right now to do this, we have not done any application or MEP product yet, but definitely we need to showcase that we have done it or else people will never believe, especially in this kind of services. So for that, we have to be very extremely careful. So right now what I’m going to do is I’m going to be sending you case studies from different websites. For example, company from US, you’re going to Pick because you are in Europe so that we don’t get caught, but still we need to be extremely careful and that is why you have to change some of the things for example, you can’t, you can name the you can name the company name, but very smartly, and also if a company or case study tells that they are the world‘s first or something so unbelievable use that word. Yes you have done extremely great work, but we’re not someone who have done something first time, the whole world that we cannot do any case remember all this time, so I’ll be sending you links and text from it. So try to make sure that via plagiarism wise we don’t get caught so we tweak the content little bit and also whatever little bit changes and make sure there is no links attached to it when they search for that case study, they should not come pop up into our case study, so that is where you have to put your technical brain to work and be very very smart about it. Make sure that is no link or embedded whatever all text regarding to that company or whichever company. I’m going to send. I won’t be telling you this one more time. Just keep it updated for all the case study from now onwards, we have to be careful and we have to do it accordingly and whatever things if you feel like it’s not important to mention, don’t mention it even if there are particular, case study  has mentioned it. so I think mini cases are going to be about some kind of product solutions. You know that they have built this particular product for this company or this they solve this solution for this company. So accordingly whichever case study you think is relevant to under which section or which pillar in terms of those two pillars, you should take addition and place that over there, no worries about that and one of the case Stadium definitely, I’m going to have a fry gaming industry so anything to do with batting or something. Try to little bit category to eye gaming industry so we can show them that, but I can be very careful because they should not be able to find out that we just copied the content from here. Yes, we did the case study work for company and also you could maybe even put it in a way if it is too obvious that we collaborate it, also, you could say. And in some cases, if you think someone case study who has done somewhere else that particular case maybe can be implemented in multi you feel not everything if you feel like that like really really well, then you can tell like we’ve developed the way of develop something in Malta similar to it, but not sold it, but we just delivered and kept it. Basically, you take your own decisions. I don’t wanna say more about it because when you think you just have to think in all angles and we think all angles you’ll be able to come to better decision more than myself. I’m just giving you a prompt, maybe even a bad prompt, so make sure that we don’t do this again and again that’s to be done once it has to be done, perfect.