Okay, now the carousel are in the hero page are doing good. Only change. I would say is make it slightly slow. That's it and when I come down, there is trusted by 500+ of the worlds top brands that is good in and again you come down, every type of creative work, you'll ever need and more that is again good And when you come down, we grow ambitious brands with social paid and influencer brands that trust us and again, there is a soft carousel going on here. This AL on try to have some other designer pattern, but very subtle I need. I don't need to highlight anything, but just to make sure that we have a small different Difference between the trusted by 500% of the world top brands and we grow ambition brands with a social paid influencer the down Cars slight difference and also try to keep another not so popular well-known brand anyone some influencers name not so very like you're not not like Nike, you're not like discord or not like a Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest. These are like too big of an agencies that would not look authentic, so if you want to understand, if you understand what I mean, and then I come down, it's good And our difference is also good. Higher employees. Also, good and technology powered designed to elevate your brand. even this section is actually good and elevate. Your brand is in the green colour. Try to keep it more bolt so that it is better since it is since it has a white background. So elevate your brand that part I need a bit more bold, and when you come down, there is revenue work Plough mission, so this whole section, especially in the laptop. Try to see if you can reduce the section little bit. It looks too big. So try to reduce the section a bit and also the background picture is grey. I don't like grey. It looks so off so either we'll have to go with some kind of light green colour. For example, there is a colour in the section technology powered designed elevate your brand in that there is one particular box which is inspired by proven success stories. That box has a particular green colour. Maybe that colour you can adapt here if you the same exact colour from that particular box I mentioned, then you come down success numbers again. It's good and now this section where it's our impact. See how top brands use our digital. In this years. The fitness network has to be big and the rest has to not be so big, you know You put even looks essence, natural care, beauty special in the laptop question I'm checking out right now. they are quite big baby taken reduce the size little bit and adjust check how it is the mobile version to accordingly and when it comes when it comes to calculator again, the green what you used here is not the same green. What we wanted to use so definitely change the green and also the matrix. It looks too generic to fake what you can do is you can keep it like maybe in the same section. You can try to have a new idea like like traditional Agency versus or Digital, you know so so that that way it will look even more premium and better. This looks fake and again we have one more 30 days or 90 days or your money back. It's good, but again this section would have been improved a lot in terms of that design and again The typography and also the font size and the whole section is quite large. You can reduce the section little bit and when you come into the blog latest insights, this blog, also you can reduce the section little bit and also again have some kind of a different green pallet background to it, so it looks good. So rest all
Good , if you have any doubts clarify no problem 