
Before we completely finish this website, I would like to know because there is lot of colour differences. For example, we have. Let's start with the homepage the first section. That's nice. And when we come down to the second section, where there is the results social first agency been looking for, I think that we can remove the Work Digital and the Company symbol which we have put on above that in the second section, just remove that and when we go down, there is a different section and there is next session called this is work. Then there is every type of creative work you ever need and more and higher employees and Lets Talk revenue. Make sure if there is too much of colours. Make sure to balance the colours in terms of summer and green summer summer in Orange, but maybe you can leave it just like that. I'm just saying, but then when you come down, then there is section called the proof is in the results and it is in complete. You've put in like blue colour, maybe instead of blue, we can either go for orange or green so that we don't use too many colours and confuse the user and down. We become that's okay and again down. We become there is see how top run use over Bridge. I think even that is okay, and then there is success stories Even that I feel like there is little bit of too much colours, black orange and green. Maybe you can leave it. It's kind of fine, but then you come down to questions from a clients and partners. Even that section is kind of okay but then when you come down to the footer, there is definitely too many colours. It will confuse the user. We have to maintain something called colour intelligence, so we have to do it accordingly so make sure to do it smartly and little bit. Redo the colours in this section and now funny go back to The browse all service section. The picture is great elevated Digital presence is great it's purple so that's why you put the purple letters in digital and presence, but again I'm thinking, should we infuse more of orange or or even if you infuse green the green has to be exactly the same green. For example, what you have used in the first section in the homepage under Contact us, you know that Green, it has to be or if not, you have to use the orange of exactly the digital orange. You know what we used in the again homepage in the first action because the goals were trying to make sure that there is not too many colours which disturbance the user, so see what you can do better that and also when you come down, there is like choose your path, AI, creative service, hire employees and revenue automation under AI creative service again here we've gone a little bit with purple and stuff like that because See if we should just leave it just like that or should we try to maintain with some less colour patterns and again, the footer you have to think once you change one footer, I think maybe all the photos will be in the same pattern so that's good and when it comes to 2 services, for example, all social media services, we have kind of used so many different colour patterns and stuff. Somethings we’ve copied from social Shepherd, something you’ve copied from something else and something you on your own. I’m not asking about the case studies case stories we can live just like that, but the services, for example, under social media management, there are services and Under, I mean under a creative services. There are many services under higher employees, the many services and revenue automation and many services, so I’m trying to see there is too many colour patterns. There is too many changes because we try to copy too many see if there is a very smart way to not make this worse, but make it better by reducing the colour, so that overall we have some kind of pattern going on so that we need to be act as a very creative head and you have to also have sales strategy in the mind and also make sure that we don’t make what you already done worse 

