One of the work, whatever you didn't know everything is basically bad starting with the first section of the homepage. The homepage carousels the hero page where there are services is going on that services. Great animation is completely gone. It's Truck. It's it's not going in a flow and as well as there is a scroll button in the Hero page itself, so in order to scroll down to the second section, you first, you have to scroll down the page and then scroll down to the second Section, so that's completely messed up and also in the mobile version. You know it's very lagging as well and also every type of work is okay and then it does not smoothly transaction to the third section, which is the results driven social first agency and also even year the way or the kind of animation you used is everything messed up because especially in the mobile version, there is a lot of white gaps. Basically because you try to scroll down, it's not scrolling don't properly. So the one section is getting struck with other section and there is lot of huge white Blank space so the animation is it's too bad. I couldn't express how bad it is, and and also After the higher A employees, the section which is called tech enabled and made to work for you that Design, what you choose was instantly wrong. I wanted the same design just in the structure of the new format. That's It same design structure of tech enable and me to work for you which we had before, but in the new structure which I shared with you before, but the design has to be that this design like the green and whatever you did, it looks very cheap, so change it to that and also revenue and Work For missions. You can reduce me little bit size and again success in numbers is okay. It's good and again the whole page minimum, I'm scrolling down the I'm not even able to see what is the next section. After success numbers. I'm not able to see what next section is basically completely blank page either in mobile or in laptop, and then testimonial is okay. it's good and then calculate growth potential against this. You went back to a very generic Design and even the green colour what you use is not the same green, what we have used in the hero section for example, in the contactors start talking page so that given the green colour you've been choosing is like a generic other green colour then then actually we had this ROI again this 30% or 90 days again. Even that section is too, it's quite too big. You have to reduce a section like very drastically and also the green colour. The designer use is very generic and very not the same Green. It has to be with behind background design and pictures And from our blog. I have to go read it because there is no content inside the block if you're gonna put block, there should be actual block content inside the block and the generic pictures also could be better and then I feel like something else is missing from our previous website. Check what is missing and also not even able to see the footer as well as completely. It's white blank page and when I come to the YS page, even that you've not did, you've not done anything. So even what does Work mean that page we used to have before in the homepage go back to your previous records and check what kind of Desir the pattern used to have the same business and pattern over here, but in a shorter way, not in the bigger format and the main reason, the main thing what I wanted to changes our Story is this is so far so we're saying so hello we are Ora Digital that is 2015 to 2025 right so that is what I wanted you to change. Change the sense like actual, not just the numbers, but the wish everything has to change accordingly because we start from 2020. So if you're able to do it properly, then you know, so basically whatever you've done, one hour of work is entirely waste. 