So yes, now the first section everything is good. Then when we come down, the second section change the content slightly the second section, but I wanted I like it in a scroll shopping campaigns built fast and I like this. Is it possible to change it slightly and also include our our USP. You know our company little bit into it. very little, but I like which is already there because this is what you copied from Super side, so making sure we don't have any corporate issues or something like that very slightly, and when you come down, we have like three boxes of videos. Take those three boxes of videos. We don't need those that is where we're going to place the carousel, which is in third section. We have those Car Sales right Just sliding from right to left print design, concert, creation, packaging, and merchandising, video production, social media management, those carousels just exactly take those only carousel and place it exactly on the place where you have this three video sections. You take those sections of and display those things okay and below that there is a few tabs like a static social content video campaign, Concepts production, all those things. Maybe we don't. We don't know we don't need this right. Can connect me for not now coming to 3rd section in this third section. What shall we do Give me an idea for it here it starts with a new year of creative work. The support team has been asking for see what is it we could do here and also check one more page which you've already done which is social media management page and that if had few more videos in it now we have only same with you. We don't need to have the same video everywhere. Those few are the different video is one girl video and something different video or LinkedIn picture. Maybe those we could put somewhere over here. I don't know. Just let's plan it out properly and then or else, and then I want one more section if it makes sense again with the structure and everything we're going to slightly again Copy a bit, but be slight different from Wayne media. I'm going to attach a screenshot to it. Is it how we can help you section? I like those things. Maybe we can attach here somewhere to it. So check about that and one more thing in the second section, where there is scroll stopping which is in lime light colour even there is in lime light green background. The green colour what you use you use. Just use the dark green colour for this so it look nice for example, dark green colour is in third section right the background dark green, the dark background green use it for the letters When there is a light cream colour if I'm making sense if you understand it right also saying it right for a second section where scroll stopping in line light because since it's already a bit lighting, light background, green, dark green again, confirm me each and everything whatever I've told now because whatever I'm talking in voice note, so my words could be going wrong, so whatever I said confirm each and everything, give me a proper plan in detail right now https://vaynermedia.com  and also I want you to add this black line going with our brands we have worked for or some high end tools or media app show there , it should be authentic and not fake and also we need include our testimonials sections in a very subtle from our homepage into this cr ra five page and full website has to me maintain the dual lighbgree and dark green backgrounds and also sending some picture is superside if it makes sense to our landing page and you can use use smartly with mowing our usp as well suggest me where you want to use and what , this is about superside screens shots ,give e detailed pan and add some
Creativity ann sense to good flow with making sense in my idea if needed  and are we showcasing ass design services we have , I mean all thee creative service or atleast important ones because this is going to be landing page for creative service 