No, we need to work on two important things when it comes to case studies and our work. So let me start with our Work main page when you enter to our Work main page the first thing what you see work that defines excellence award winning campaign, a transformations and all those things, the background you put something like how we have done AI service background, very black. No, I need something better background which is a bit more little colourful, but not cheap, and when you say colourful or you can just basically do a background like for example, how antigravity background is simple animation background, you can just do like that that that it's itself will be good and most importantly that has to be done and most importantly, the colours you are using in the text, for example, in define excellence and even indicators that too much of colours, what the fuck is that what the fuck is that we are an elite premium level agency, not some cheap agency and the way you choose colour palette is very bad. You have to upgrade yourself. You have to always make sure that are you doing something extraordinary elite premium level. So keep it very nice and professional and also reduce the size of the matrix ROI and when you come down, there is a small section called all work, creative marketing, a automation and future that tab maybe you can increase a size a bit more. It looks small little bit more and And the structure of when you press all work. The structure is not good. It's not nice. I wanted a bit more creative. Yes, I don't want to have complete clean either rose or clean columns. I don't want like standardised Rose standard columns. I don't want that, but at the same time, I need something even more better. Yes, what you didn't know is good, the structure. I'm not saying it's not good, but but see, maybe you can do it accordingly. Better according to the sizes of the Mobile phone or the desktop and the main thing one more thing we have to work on the pictures what you choose, choose before. I spend so much of my time so much of energy so much of my work and I gave so many good pictures. So many pictures you have changed. I don't know when you've changed it. For example when it comes to at least creative agencies. I'm going to send you a screenshot now in the screenshot. They'll be few images. I want those exact images. You can find it from your database because I gave you images long time you changed sometime ago, so I need those kind of images and very high-quality images images what you have given for the AS services. It's not nice and automation case studies are not nice. It could be better not generic and in AI creative work you Attached one work which doesn't belong in the creative marketing space which is cricket pulse India that I think it has to go with A and automation and again reduce the size of the matrix inside the in the title page of the case study, we have like 15 million 59,000,042% first of all reduce the numbers. It looks not believable and reduce the size of it and the colour again it's too much. So even when you go to the homepage, we have our work even that we have to improve it