Okay, there are few things to fix now first thing I would say in the first section of the homepage, whether it is mobile version or laptop version the service grits which is which we have right now, which you always I mean, which you already change to square edges instead of the round, I'm thinking if it is better that picture size inside that Service is great. If it is little more bigger that could be better. I feel you know, not the overall size of the service, great, but just a picture inside the Service, great see if you can just make that one alone Know little more bigger, so it might look much better. That's it. I hope you understand if you don't ask me before you work on it, and the second thing would be in Lets Talk revenue. I feel that revenue service gets a quite back. You can just reduce a slice little bit like how it is reduced in Mobile version under higher employees. You can keep exact that size and one more thing about social media, creative Service page. Once you click that we have like four services, right social paid, creative, and influencer, and we have developed content already for each and every Category like social paid creative influencer. No, when I click it to go inside, it's not going inside, so I think there is some glitch or something you make sure to correct that immediately because you've already worked on it and now here would be the big change, which is the homepage. What we have right now is amazing. It's great in terms of the animations, the pictures, the carousel is great floating from left to right. It's all good. What if we kind of applied this kind of Visually you know betterment in terms of all services we have many service under AI creative service, higher employees, Lets Talk revenue auto mission right so under these three, we have so many Service, what if we kind of do detailing and Service carousels and make it more visually attractive than more text related? I think now it's more of text as well, so people would find it bit boring, so if it is visually attractive with someone more animations, where you could just apply it to all of the services at once without you know by doing smart work, that will be great. So do all the changes if you have any doubt, ask a question before you do the change. 