Okay, I've seen what you have done but just to make sure because this is going to be very important. Could you again go through it? One more time maybe first time you have not look to others. You can see from another as well because the structure is very important at the same time. We should be able to make sure that users like whoever entering the website One main important thing is, they should be immediately be impressed with the website okay first thing watch is the hero page the first page. As soon as the sea should be like their impressive. Then they come down. They should not see something. Let's not impress you. That is why I was trying to Not give them breathing space because I want them to be hooked each and every single section section, but no one coming to think of. Yes, it is very important that we should be able to make them not leave the website each and every section should feel like okay wow, they have an amazing quality high animations. The Great flows are flowing left to right at the same time, we should tell them what we are doing. What is our company about very quick. That's why I try to put like to creative section top and all those things, but realise I am making too much adjustments or changes. I mean, there is too much of not a good flow to it again. I feel like what you're saying i understand because we should also have a good flow to the website and especially the colour college should not be too much of changing at the same time. I don't want to go very dark mode as well because end of the day. We are a creative agency as well, so we should have some kind of the high-quality Premium look. Even it doesn't need to be white maybe instead of white, it could be light green light green, for example, not the green, which is that in the contact contacts of the Home is not that green talking about light green or something. I am not so sure I'm just giving you Idea. I'm kind of brainwashing brainstorming with you at the moment, so think of all these angles and yes, what is saying double thing once again and come back to me just again, this is just a plan. There is no work. 